Enable users to inject virtual cluster name into SNI bootstrap address and advertised broker address pattern (#2185)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/configuring/con-configuring-vc-gateways.adoc

|===

> The `advertisedBrokerAddressPattern` configuration parameter accepts the `$(virtualClusterName)` replacement token, which is optional.
> If included, `$(virtualClusterName)` is replaced with the name of the gateway's virtual cluster.
> 
> The `bootstrapAddress` configuration parameter accepts the `$(virtualClusterName)` replacement token, which is optional.
> If included, `$(virtualClusterName)` is replaced with the name of the gateway's virtual cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the `advertisedBrokerAddressPattern` and `bootstrapAddress` configuration parameters accept the `$(virtualClusterName)` replacement token, which is optional.
If included, `$(virtualClusterName)` is replaced with the name of the gateway's virtual cluster.
```
